Update the W/X quickstart articles when the Dev Kit GA (#4902)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/dev-kit-start-debugging.md

1. Open the extension by selecting the Office Add-ins Development Kit icon in the **Activity Bar**.
1. Select **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**

> 1. In the Quick Pick menu, select the option **{Office Host} Desktop (Edge Chromium)**. This will launch the add-in and debug the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Quick Pick menu, select the option **{Office Application} Desktop (Edge Chromium)**, where '{Office Application}' is the appropriate application, such as "Excel" or "Word". This will launch the add-in and debug the code.
```

> The development kit checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. Check the terminal for detailed information if there are issues with your environment. After this process, the Office desktop application launches and sideloads the add-in. Please note that the first time you run a project, it may make take a few minutes to install the dependencies. You will need to install the certificate when prompted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development kit checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. Check the terminal for detailed information if there are issues with your environment. After this process, the Office desktop application launches and sideloads the add-in. Please note that the first time you run a project, it may make take a few minutes to install the dependencies. You'll need to install the certificate when prompted.
```
